Update audit-log-activities.md with Microsoft Defender Experts (#11858)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/compliance/audit-log-activities.md

| Changed segments of a site | SegmentsChanged | A SharePoint or global administrator changed one or more information barriers segments for a site. |
| Removed segments from a site | SegmentsRemoved | A SharePoint or global administrator removed one or more information barriers segments from a site. |

## Microsoft Defender Experts activities

> The following table lists the activities in Microsoft Defender Experts that are logged in the Microsoft 365 audit log.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table lists the activities in Microsoft Defender Experts that are signed into the Microsoft 365 audit log.
```

|Friendly name|Operation|Description|
|:----------------|:------------|:--------------|

> | Defender Experts Analyst Permission Created | DefenderExpertsAnalystPermissionCreated | An administrator granted one or more role permissions to Defender Experts analysts to investigate incidents or remediate threats.|
> | Defender Experts Analyst Permission Modified | DefenderExpertsAnalystPermissionModified | An administrator modified role permissions to Defender Experts analysts to investigate incidents or remediate threats.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Defender Experts analyst permission created | DefenderExpertsAnalystPermissionCreated | An administrator granted one or more role permissions to Defender Experts analysts to investigate incidents or remediate threats.|
| Defender Experts analyst permission modified | DefenderExpertsAnalystPermissionModified | An administrator modified role permissions to Defender Experts analysts to investigate incidents or remediate threats.|
```
